hello to all and welcome
in the kitchen of the palace of flavors
today a novelty the new
trend of the moment it's the cake
invisible why invisible because
that they contain a lot more
fruit than pasta
so where does his name come from?
realize today an invisible cake
with pears and four spices
for this recipe you need to
to believe in two of 50 g of sugar or
20 g of butter 2 10 centilitres of
milk of a pinch of salt from a packet of
baking powder and a teaspoon
of 4 spices do not forget the 70 g of
flour at first I fight
the eggs with the sugar until
the mixture whitens the double of
volume
I want a magnet butter and milk
I then incorporate the flour salt
yeast and spices to this preparation
I add the slices of pears cut
in two
I mix everything so that each blade
they are impregnated with the preparation
once all the pears are
soaked one is spread in a mold
Circular 20 cm diameter well seen
stuffed and floured shame to those well the
on it and we're stuffing it now for
200 degrees in rotating heat during
35 to 40 minutes
the recipe is over I tell you to
very soon for a new idea
why not dirty and very good appetite
very good day to you and thank you for
your loyalty on the palace chain
flavors goodbye